[Amit Varma]: I had a strange dream the other night. I dreamed that there was a vacancy in the online magazine
[Amit Varma]: I edit, Pragati, at thinkpragati.com, and I needed to fill that post. Now in this actual
[Amit Varma]: world, I don't have a vacancy right now, but in the dream I did. So I called up a talented
[Amit Varma]: young journalist I knew, told her about the job profile and the salary and asked her if
[Amit Varma]: she would like to come on board. She was gurgling with excitement as she said, yes, yes, of
[Amit Varma]: course I would. The job profile is perfect. The salary is perfect. And most of all, I
[Amit Varma]: will have the chance to soak up the life lessons that you impart in your sonorous voice. But
[Amit Varma]: there is one problem. What problem? I asked. I can solve any problem. I am half Bengali.
[Amit Varma]: She said, here's the problem. I already have a contract with my existing employer. You'll
[Amit Varma]: have to buy me out of that contract with a hefty transfer fee. This took me aback. I
[Amit Varma]: barked at her. Transfer fee? What transfer fee? This is journalism, not football.
[Unknown]: Welcome to the scene and the unseen. Our weekly podcast on economics, politics and behavioral
[Amit Varma]: science. Please welcome your host, Amit Badma.
[Amit Varma]: Welcome to the scene in the unseen. The English Premier League summer transfer deadline comes
[Amit Varma]: up in three days from now on the 31st of August. In today's episode, I will try and demystify
[Amit Varma]: what exactly goes on in that mysterious transfer market. How do football contracts work? How
[Amit Varma]: do those transfer fees work? And why are they so crazy? Sometimes insanely high, and sometimes
[Amit Varma]: zero for players who should be worth something. The guest I have on the show today to shed
[Amit Varma]: light on this is Karthik Shashidhar. Karthik is an old friend of mine from a decade and
[Amit Varma]: a half ago, when blogging hadn't yet been killed by social media. He was always the
[Amit Varma]: smartest geek in the room, sort of like Freakonomics personified. Well, after many years of nagging
[Amit Varma]: by friends, Karthik has finally written a book. Between the Buyer and the Seller is
[Amit Varma]: published by the Takshashila Institution, which also publishes Pragati and will be released
[Amit Varma]: on September 8. You can pre order it now on amazon.in. Karthik's book deals with the
[Amit Varma]: nature of markets and one of his early chapters is about football. So without much further
[Amit Varma]: ado, let's kick off the show. Karthik, welcome to the show. Karthik, I really enjoyed your
[Amit Varma]: book. It was an easy read just like a storybook. But at the same time at the end of it, I just
[Amit Varma]: felt much smarter for having read it. So thank you for writing it. Thanks for the comment.
[Amit Varma]: One of the things that kind of struck me is one of your early chapters deals with a subject
[Amit Varma]: that's really in the news these days, football transfers. I mean, everyone's talking about
[Amit Varma]: Neymar's big 200 million euro plus transfer to PSG from Barcelona and so on. And you talk
[Amit Varma]: about the football transfers markets and why they are, you know, some of the prices seem
[Amit Varma]: absolutely crazy, both on the high side and sometimes on the low side, where a seemingly
[Amit Varma]: good player can't get anything. Absolutely. The value seems to drop to zero. But before
[Amit Varma]: we actually get into the meat of why that is so, as someone who follows football only
[Amit Varma]: occasionally, I want to ask some really newbie questions for you to demystify this whole
[Amit Varma]: thing, like how transfers work and so on. So how does the football market really work?
[Amit Varma]: Like when one club buys another player, you know, pays a transfer fee for say 100 million
[Amit Varma]: or whatever, what are they really buying? And how does all of this work? Who does a
[Guest]: player have contracts with and so on? Yeah, so the way it works is typically a player
[Guest]: enters into a contract with a club. So and then like, what happens in the transfer market
[Guest]: is that the buying club essentially pays off the selling club to release the player's contract.
[Guest]: So Neymar had a contract with Barcelona, which was supposed to last for another two, three
[Guest]: years, I think. And what PSG did by paying the 200 odd million euros is to tell Barcelona,
[Guest]: okay, here's all this money. I know that Neymar is legally contracted to play for you for
[Guest]: the next two, three years. But take this money so that you can break off the contract. This
[Guest]: is compensation for you for the services Neymar is not going to provide you for the next few
[Guest]: years. And once you have released Neymar, then we are going to sign him. And strike
[Amit Varma]: a similar contract. Right. So basically, then the buying club, which is PSG, in this case
[Amit Varma]: has to negotiate with two parties. One, they have to negotiate with Barcelona, which might
[Amit Varma]: often be a matter of simply meeting the clause in the contract, which says that this is the
[Amit Varma]: exit fee. And they have to also negotiate with Neymar, in terms of what the salary that
[Amit Varma]: they pay him, which in his case, I think is more than 600 700 euros a week or whatever.
[Amit Varma]: So that he agrees because his consent is also required, right?
[Guest]: Absolutely. And there have been several cases in the past when transfers have not gone through
[Guest]: for both these reasons. I mean, you have cases where you manage to agree a fee with the selling
[Guest]: club, but you can't agree what football journalists call personal terms with the player. Basically,
[Guest]: you can't agree on a particular salary. And it can also happen that a player is particularly
[Guest]: happy to play for you and you've agreed a salary, but the club is not willing to sell
[Guest]: for whatever price. So yes, it is a kind of a double deal that you need to do. You need
[Guest]: to deal both with the selling club and with the player.
[Amit Varma]: So now before we get to the meat of the episode, there is one question which struck me recently,
[Amit Varma]: which I can't figure out and it'll probably seem like ridiculously basic to you. So just
[Amit Varma]: bear with me. So recently, you know, one got to read that, okay, Alexis Sanchez has a year
[Amit Varma]: left on his contract. Mesut Ozil has a year left on his contract. Now the question is
[Amit Varma]: that whichever club would buy them would essentially be paying two tranches of money. One would
[Amit Varma]: be the monthly salary to the player itself, which would come to X million a year. And
[Amit Varma]: the other would be a big transfer fee, which would be 60 million, 100 million, whatever
[Amit Varma]: in the case of these two players, quite a lot. So the question is, instead of selling
[Amit Varma]: off now and letting the club get the transfer fee, why don't they just wait for a year and
[Amit Varma]: just take the full amount themselves when they are free agents?
[Guest]: So I think it's not entirely kind of in their hands as well. So see, from Arsenal's perspective,
[Guest]: Arsenal is the team that both Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez are contracted to right now.
[Guest]: From Arsenal's perspective, they would rather want to sell them now when they can still
[Guest]: get some value out of the transfer. Or I mean, 25 years back, there was this ruling that
[Guest]: has come to be known as the Bossman ruling, which basically says that if a player has
[Guest]: less than six months on his contract, he's free to talk to any new club and arrange his
[Guest]: own transfer. So if Arsenal doesn't manage to sell these guys now, what will happen is
[Guest]: they might have to let go of them for a very low number. So what they are likely to do
[Guest]: is that they'll either arrange a deal right now, or they'll sign new contracts with these
[Guest]: guys and extend their playing career so that next year, if they have to sell them, they
[Guest]: can at least get a good fee and so on.
[Amit Varma]: But since the consent of the player is also required, doesn't it make more sense for the
[Amit Varma]: player to just wait till he's a free agent and take all the money? That is, you know,
[Amit Varma]: not just what their fee would be as a player, as a weekly fee, but also what would otherwise
[Amit Varma]: be the transfer money, which the buying club is clearly willing to play, but will now have
[Amit Varma]: to give the player?
[Guest]: Yes, I mean, a player can technically do that. But then what can happen is he can get frozen
[Guest]: out by the club. So let's say if you are agitating too much, either to get a transfer or to not
[Guest]: get a transfer, and you end up pissing off your club, remember that your current club
[Guest]: is still your current employers. And your manager might decide to not play you for the
[Guest]: next one year, after which your market value will go down, if you haven't been playing.
[Guest]: And so, and because of that, like players usually don't try to take such risk. And also
[Guest]: remember, it's a very small market, small number of players, small number of clubs at
[Guest]: their very elite level. So there can be enough people in the market who can be irrational
[Guest]: enough for things like this to not work and so on.
[Amit Varma]: Right. So now let's get to the meat of the subject. Your book is called Between the Buyer
[Amit Varma]: and the Seller, and it's essentially about markets and how changes in the amount of liquidity
[Amit Varma]: in the market can make them behave in different ways. So can you explain the central concept
[Amit Varma]: for me? Like, what is a liquid market? And, you know, how would the football market qualify
[Amit Varma]: and what are sort of the effects of the football market not being very liquid?
[Guest]: Okay. So the word liquidity, I must start off saying that it has no particular precise
[Guest]: definition. I mean, it's a very overloaded term, it's used in several different contexts.
[Guest]: If you hear an accountant talking about it, it means one thing, if you hear a monetary
[Guest]: economist talking about it, it means yet another thing. If you hear a market guy talking about
[Guest]: it, it means a third thing. A financial market guy talking about it, it means something completely
[Guest]: different and so on. So it's a very overloaded term. So because of which people get a little
[Guest]: thrown off by the term. But to put it very simply, liquidity is the ease with which you
[Guest]: can buy or sell a particular asset. So in this particular case, if you think about it,
[Guest]: if you wanted to buy 100 shares of Infosys tomorrow, all you need to do is to log on
[Guest]: to your brokerage account or to call your broker and say you wanted to buy that. And
[Guest]: the number of shares of Infosys traded on the Bombay Stock Exchange every day is so
[Guest]: huge that you can get your 100 shares at the best price, at a price that is very close
[Guest]: to what the prevailing market price is then. So in that sense, the Infosys stock is a very
[Guest]: liquid stock. On the other hand, if you were to, let's say if you wanted to buy a stake
[Guest]: in Uber, Uber is not a publicly traded company. So if you have to kind of buy some shares
[Guest]: in that, then you can't just go to a central exchange to where millions of shares change
[Guest]: hands every day and so on. You'll have to call up one of the few people who hold the
[Guest]: stock right now, convince them that they need to sell it to you, go through a protracted
[Guest]: dance of figuring out the price and so on. So the amount of effort that's involved in
[Guest]: conducting the deal in order to buy or sell shares in Uber, which is not listed, is immense.
[Guest]: So in that sense, it's a very illiquid stock. So liquidity is basically a measure of how
[Guest]: easy or difficult it is to trade in a particular thing or a commodity. And I'm just trying
[Guest]: to pull out a quote from my book, which is what I start the book with. And I think it's
[Guest]: worth quoting here. This is by Michael Lewis in his book, Flash Boys, which is about high
[Guest]: frequency trading and financial markets. He says, liquidity was one of those words Wall
[Guest]: Street people threw around when they wanted the conversation to end, and for brains to
[Guest]: go dead, and for all questioning to cease.
[Amit Varma]: And that's partly because it means so many things. But in your definition, a liquid market
[Amit Varma]: is one in which trades happen very easily, without any friction and low transaction costs.
[Amit Varma]: And a great example of this is obviously, like you said, a computerized stock exchange
[Amit Varma]: where it's very easy for buyers and sellers to find themselves, there's no cost to that.
[Amit Varma]: And also, because there are so many buyers and so many sellers, you could say that whatever
[Amit Varma]: each thing is priced at is an accurate reflection of supply and demand. And an illiquid market
[Amit Varma]: is one where either it's very hard for buyers and sellers to find themselves, or there are
[Amit Varma]: very few buyers and sellers like in the case of if you want to buy Uber stock, you have
[Amit Varma]: to call one of the individuals or institutional investors who actually own some and negotiate
[Amit Varma]: with them one on one and that is illiquid. And in markets like that prices are kind of
[Amit Varma]: out of whack.
[Amit Varma]: Exactly.
[Amit Varma]: So what is the football market like?
[Guest]: So football market, I think is like, at the very elite level, it's fairly illiquid, basically,
[Guest]: and it's illiquid for a number of reasons. The first thing is that like, I mean, the
[Guest]: it's very hard to kind of, there are a few reasons for that. First thing is that it's
[Guest]: very hard to classify players. I mean, you have four basic classifications, goalkeeper,
[Guest]: defender, midfielder, forward. But even within that, there's so many sub classifications
[Guest]: that it's hard for you to find good substitutes for footballers. So if you were to kind of
[Guest]: lose a particular player, let's say Barcelona has just lost Neymar, it's very hard for them
[Guest]: to find a comparable player. Or if PSG were to look at Barcelona selling Neymar and somebody
[Guest]: else trying to sell a similar footballer and negotiate between them, it would have been
[Guest]: very hard for them to do that because you don't find another footballer like Neymar.
[Guest]: And the more elite you go, the harder it is to find the players who are similar to these
[Guest]: players and so on. So that's one thing.
[Guest]: The second thing is that, I mean, it's a very small market, very small number of buyers
[Guest]: and sellers. So even if you manage to kind of pin down a particular class of player of
[Guest]: whom there are quite a few, the number of clubs with whom you can kind of negotiate
[Guest]: is like really small. So that makes it a little harder to try that.
[Guest]: The other thing is what we spoke about in the beginning of the podcast. Basically, because
[Guest]: you have to strike a deal, you have to strike two deals. You have to strike a deal with
[Guest]: both the selling club and with the player. So that creates a further complication as
[Guest]: well. So sometimes the deals can kind of fall through because of that.
[Guest]: And fourthly, you have some traditional rivalries where certain clubs blanketly refuse to sell
[Guest]: players to certain other clubs. I mean, there's absolutely no good reason to do that. So that's
[Guest]: yet another reason. And then it's a fairly small and a bit of an irrational market, which
[Guest]: makes it extremely illiquid.
[Amit Varma]: No, and circumstances keep changing all the time. For example, Barcelona having sold Neymar
[Amit Varma]: because he wanted to go and PLG met the price, is now desperate to find replacements. And
[Amit Varma]: at the time of recording this on the 20th of August, we'll release this episode on the
[Amit Varma]: 28th. At the time of recording this, they've only managed to get Paulinho from China. And
[Amit Varma]: he's not a like-for-like replacement at all. In fact, he doesn't even seem to fit in the
[Amit Varma]: Barcelona system of playing. And it is likely that at 40 million euros, they overpaid for
[Amit Varma]: him. And what is now likely till the transfer windows ends on August 31st, is that whoever
[Amit Varma]: they buy, they will overpay for him because they are desperate to fill the Neymar size
[Amit Varma]: gap somehow. And other clubs will take advantage of this.
[Guest]: Oh, absolutely. So other news from yesterday is that Barcelona has put out a bid for 120
[Guest]: odd million euros to buy this guy called Philippe Coutinho from Liverpool Football Club. Now,
[Guest]: Coutinho is an excellent player, but he's not Neymar, as in like, they don't play in
[Guest]: the same role. Barcelona might have to change the system that they have been playing over
[Guest]: the last three years in order to put in Coutinho rather than Neymar. And on the other side,
[Guest]: Liverpool got a bid for 120 million euros, which is a huge sum of money, and they rejected
[Guest]: it, saying, we are not a selling club. Basically, you also have this posturing because you don't
[Guest]: want to give out the optics that like, if you sell good players, it seems like you're
[Guest]: not a great club, and so on. So you have these things that go on as well. So yeah, so Barcelona
[Guest]: can't replace Neymar. They might just get Coutinho, but I'm sure they're going to end
[Guest]: up overpaying for it. And that's probably what Liverpool is holding out for.
[Amit Varma]: And you know, Coutinho is not like an Infosys share that if one guy refuses to sell, you
[Amit Varma]: buy it from someone else. He's unique, and they want him desperately. And the smartest
[Amit Varma]: thing for Liverpool would be just to play chicken and hold out until the very end when
[Amit Varma]: they get some really insane number, which Coutinho would otherwise not have got. And
[Amit Varma]: this is the deal that they turned down, I think, if I'm not mistaken, is already the
[Amit Varma]: highest ever transfer price offered to Liverpool to sell one of their players.
[Guest]: Yeah, it is. It's just about higher than what Barcelona had offered Liverpool for Luis Suarez,
[Guest]: I think, at three years back. And so it is the highest price they have been offered.
[Guest]: And they're still, at the time we are recording this, 11 days left to go in the transfer window.
[Guest]: So I think there's a good chance Barcelona might come out with an even higher price,
[Guest]: and Liverpool knows that. And so then what happens in an illiquid market basically is
[Guest]: that the price gets set based on the party who is more desperate to do the deal.
[Guest]: So in this particular case, Liverpool doesn't really want to let go of Coutinho. He's been
[Guest]: a great player, he's scored the most goals for them last season, and they really want
[Guest]: to keep him. But they know that one, Coutinho wants to go to Barcelona, and two, that Barcelona
[Guest]: is willing to pay a good price for him. So they are just going to hold out until they
[Guest]: know that Barcelona is not going to pay an even higher price at which case the deal will
[Guest]: be done.
[Amit Varma]: Right. So what we see here is that it's a highly illiquid market. And therefore, because
[Amit Varma]: of that, because of these dynamics, very few buyers, very few sellers, all these circumstantial
[Amit Varma]: factors playing a part, that sometimes a lot of players get paid crazy amounts, which you
[Amit Varma]: would not imagine their worth. And sometimes it's the opposite, where they seem to get
[Amit Varma]: absolutely nothing and nobody wants them, though even that surely can't be the case.
[Amit Varma]: And you've described this very well in your chapter and I'd urge people to read your book.
[Amit Varma]: But if I were to now ask you that, let's say that you have to play God and you have to
[Amit Varma]: design the football market in an optimal way so that it's best for both buyers and sellers,
[Amit Varma]: or it can lead to better outcomes for buyers and sellers, what would you change?
[Guest]: Okay, that's a really hard question. I mean, like, there have been a few proposals on kind
[Guest]: of changing the football market, because like, I mean, obviously, what happens is like, when
[Guest]: you have these insane amounts being thrown around for purchasing people's contracts,
[Guest]: you have people who say that, okay, this is not a great market, we need to reform it.
[Guest]: And people talk about, let's say, the US market where, by the way, sports in the US works
[Guest]: very differently from the way it works in Europe, because there it's a, in the US, it's
[Guest]: a top-down structure where the league recruits the teams and so like, kind of the league
[Guest]: has control of who kind of sells to whom and so on. On the other hand, in Europe, it's
[Guest]: the teams who own the league. So it's a very different structure. But in the US, you don't
[Guest]: have the concept of a transfer fee. You can only like, in most sports, you can only like
[Guest]: swap players, or like, just bring the contract to an end and so on. So what they're trying
[Guest]: to do is to remove price from the negotiation. But what happens is that if you remove monetary
[Guest]: price from negotiation, the price will find itself into the deal in other ways. And it
[Guest]: just makes it even harder to kind of buy and sell. So that's obviously not a...
[Amit Varma]: So, so, you know, I'll take this opportunity and ask you to demystify that a little bit
[Amit Varma]: as well. So what do you mean that, you know, if price doesn't play a part, how do these
[Amit Varma]: things get decided? And in what other ways does that value manifest itself?
[Guest]: Yeah, so now just imagine that like, for example, PSG wasn't allowed to give a single euro to
[Guest]: Barcelona in order to buy Neymar. And but you know that like, Neymar desperately wants
[Guest]: to play for PSG. But he has a certain number of years left on his Barcelona contract and
[Guest]: Barcelona like him and they don't want to let go of him. So they can't like, so how
[Guest]: do you kind of resolve this case? So what price allows in this particular case is an
[Guest]: elegant solution, where PSG basically gives this money to Barcelona and say, okay, here's
[Guest]: some good money to compensate for you, you not getting your services for next two years,
[Guest]: please break your contract. And Barcelona will say, thank you, we are very happy with
[Guest]: the money you're offering us, we are going to break the contract. If you don't have a
[Guest]: place, you can arrange for some swaps. That's what they do in the US. But then what will
[Guest]: happen is, you can't have a like for like swap. So if you were to look at it from the
[Guest]: price perspective, in order to kind of compensate for Neymar, you would have to kind of have
[Guest]: the PSG might have to sell their entire rest of their team in order to compensate for Neymar.
[Guest]: So this is obviously not a good thing to do. So in that sense, Neymar might just end up
[Guest]: continuing for Barcelona, he will be unhappy, Barcelona will be unhappy. Both of them, he
[Guest]: might get less money from PSG whenever he manages to move to them. PSG is not happy.
[Guest]: All parties are left significantly worse off than they are now when you have a transparent
[Guest]: price mechanism, irrespective of how irrational it is. It's always good that like things are
[Amit Varma]: settled with money rather than... So the transparent price system, basically
[Amit Varma]: what it does is that it makes the market more liquid and makes outcomes better for both
[Guest]: buyers and sellers. Yes, it makes outcomes better for both buyers
[Guest]: and sellers for sure. I don't know, I don't know how I would redesign this market. I mean,
[Guest]: like, and the other thing I mean, again, I mentioned this in the book, the other thing
[Guest]: is with football markets is that like, I mean, there's no good way to place a valuation on a
[Guest]: football player. If you think of something like an Uber stock, right, it's again, highly liquid,
[Guest]: very few buyers and sellers, but at least you have some models and literature on how do you
[Guest]: value a company? How do you value a private company whose financial details you don't know
[Guest]: and all that? There's still some theoretical backing to that. So because of which the price
[Guest]: that a buyer will be willing to pay and the price that a seller will want is not going to be that
[Guest]: much far off. But here, because like football is a team game, and it's very hard to kind of
[Guest]: place a value on a particular player at any point in time, what happens is that like, I mean, the
[Guest]: to use financial terminology, the bid and ask prices, the price that the buyer is willing to
[Guest]: pay and the price that the seller wants, start off by being so far off, that like it's a
[Guest]: it ends up being far more rational. And you know, it's possibly to avoid that kind of
[Amit Varma]: irrationality that you know, for example, the IPL in India has this cap on how much a team can spend
[Amit Varma]: during each auctions. But despite that you have circumstantial factors playing a big role. For
[Amit Varma]: example, whether you're a player who set up early in the auction or right at the end of the auction
[Amit Varma]: can make a big difference. If you're an all rounder early in the auction, you may not get so
[Amit Varma]: much. But if you come later in the auction, when two or three teams are really desperate, because
[Amit Varma]: they haven't filled that slot, they might be willing to pay more. Conversely, teams might have
[Amit Varma]: less money left at the end of the auction having already done the big spending. So all these sort
[Amit Varma]: of factors of luck also play a part and somehow and that affects the liquidity in your definition
[Amit Varma]: of the market and in arriving at what a good price for a player otherwise would be.
[Guest]: Oh, yes. And also I feel I think it's like I mean, because it's centrally controlled,
[Guest]: like the US, it's more exclusively modelled on US sports. It's not a great market. I mean,
[Guest]: say for example, somebody like our Ashwin, over the last couple of seasons, I think he was
[Guest]: contracted to play for the rising Pune supergiants. And he didn't really get to play for them. I think
[Guest]: last season, he didn't get to play much in this season. Again, I don't think he played too much.
[Amit Varma]: What I heard on the grapevine about last season apparently was that he wanted to be captain and
[Amit Varma]: he wasn't given the captaincy. So he was basically sulking. But that's just a pure conjecture. It
[Guest]: might not be true. It might be. But what happens in a football context is that if you're sulking,
[Guest]: the team knows that like you're not adding any value. They're like, okay, I can get value for
[Guest]: you by putting you out in the market because there are other teams that want you more than I want
[Guest]: you. So just I'm just going to sell you. Yeah. And in the IPL case, because it's all centrally
[Guest]: controlled, you can't sell buy and sell players, you only every kind of transfer has to be approved
[Guest]: by the league. And it's just too messy. It's just too centrally controlled for the market.
[Guest]: And so the outcome wasn't good for Ashwin because he wasn't playing. The outcome wasn't good for
[Guest]: rising Pune supergiants because they had to pay this guy a fairly hefty salary and weren't getting
[Guest]: any value out of it. And the outcome wasn't great for any of the other clubs because they could have
[Guest]: very well used the services and they were not allowed to do that.
[Amit Varma]: Exactly. It's a lose-lose situation all around. So the greater the liquidity,
[Amit Varma]: the more the positive someness of markets actually kicks in. And it's a win-win
[Amit Varma]: outcome for everyone. Yeah, absolutely.
[Amit Varma]: Karthik, it's been a pleasure talking to you. And you know, one of the two big questions about
[Amit Varma]: football about how these markets work has been completely resolved in my mind. So thank you for
[Amit Varma]: shedding light on that. The other big question is, of course, why so many Indians are fanatic
[Amit Varma]: supporters of Manchester United or Liverpool or places they've never been. That is inexplicable,
[Amit Varma]: but is beyond the scope of our discussion. And we'll handle that some other time.
[Guest]: You're welcome. But I can tell you why I am a big fanatic supporter of Liverpool,
[Amit Varma]: though I have never been to Liverpool.
[Guest]: Tell me. Tell me.
[Guest]: So this was back in 2005. I was on a tube train in London. And this was the day when
[Guest]: Liverpool was playing Chelsea in a Champions League semi-final. And the train, halfway through
[Guest]: my journey, the train got invaded by a massive bunch of Liverpool fans who were on their way
[Guest]: to watch the game. And they were like a big bunch of rowdy fans getting drunk, singing and
[Guest]: fantastic experience. So it was almost like a religious experience that I got converted
[Amit Varma]: through the 10 minute train journey.
[Amit Varma]: You ended up joining that particular tribe. Well, good luck to you and good luck to Liverpool
[Amit Varma]: this season. Thanks a lot for coming on the show.
[Amit Varma]: You're welcome. Thank you.
[Amit Varma]: See you next week.
[Unknown]: See you next week.